I have an exclusive okay two I'll
tell you about it in this video okay point number
one point number one first
the exclusive poster the
exclusive poster okay I have to invent a
dance like the haka okay let's see like It's just
a question but just out of
curiosity before I tell you about the
exclusive okay one Like if you condemn
Goku dislike if you don't condemn him Javi is
great comment yes Javi is God Javi
Javi is God okay
exclusive number one There are two exclusives
about Ricky edit well or at least
related to him okay eh and there was a
third one related to him but it's not
directly his things as they are and he's not
guilty of anything okay but the thing is that I have
n't been able to confirm it and then
since I haven't been able to eh Since I haven't been
able to confirm it then no Let's see apart it's
a delicate and ugly subject about an alleged
video of Ali doing I don't know what
leaked okay
m I don't know exactly what I haven't
seen the video and and I can't tell you
if I haven't seen it okay and I don't want to see it I
prefer not to see it have a kiss okay
but yes it is true that there is one thing
that I have to comment on okay this Thursday
premieres at 8 without fear of success
episode 27 Ricky edit I'll tell you the title
Javi yes it's true I confirm it to you a
kiss a kiss to all I'll tell you the title
okay the title or rather that video was leaked
no but What is a Ho F video I
imagine no Javi you're all Flame kisses fire fire fire
a kiss a kiss I mean yes it's been
leaked no but that why
Because it's one of those that leaks no
my goodness well if it is as they have described it to me
my goodness But anyway we'll talk about
that the title of Thursday's podcast by
Ricky edit in without fear of success the
truth about Ali Dallas and the
esam
potón
the truth about Ali Dallas and the
eslam he's going to talk at length about
Ali and he's going to talk about well he's going to
explain he's going to explain we'll see
the explanation I'd love to
hear it about Dallas' restraining order
okay he's going to talk about that
restraining order supposed
restraining order that he says puts on him
Dallas okay eh Well it's probably going to be a
fun podcast okay delos will be
here soon Ju when  are
the hland Hey the hland when are they are
these days no eh
delox goes to the hland what I don't
remember What days are the hlan in the end they were
n't in in the 14th in the end the
hlan or is it still standing the 16th or 17 well The
thing is that the 14th in the end no The
thing is that delox is going to be by the
elan and then he will come here and we
will be commenting on all these
little things later after the podcast
okay And well I also had to
tell you a little something no I'm not going to
tell you much okay let's wait m a few
days just okay to comment on it already
well but it was already the trial
of the trial of tudor the trial of tudor
was already Javi thinks that
Franco tenaglia shat himself I don't know what that is
Javi what do you think that Franco tenaglia
shat himself I don't know that I don't know who it is what
you missed is that Comanche confirmed
no no no I didn't miss it gibel I didn't miss it
fatso I saw it I saw it I saw it
you lost your account no  you
deserve it pay for the Wind license pay for
the Window license eh it was the
Tudor trial okay I can't tell you much
honestly it's just that I don't want to let's see it was
the trial and they're waiting for the
verdict okay mm when the verdict comes out
Well obviously
we'll comment a little more but
basically basically I'm
only going to tell you that it was the
trial the only thing I'm going to tell you is
that it was the trial and man well I think that I think that I think it
went as it had to
go simply I think
that it went as it had to go out without further
ado okay that's it I'm going to read up to here
because I don't want to tell you or Hey,
this one is going to lose or
the other one is going to lose because [ __ ] we're going to
let justice pronounce itself and
based on and based on what comes out we'll
comment okay but yes I can
tell you that man that more or less I have
information about how it went but it
's a matter of
Okay so we're going to be
cautious and we're going to wait and see what
happens okay fighter
of the evening  Jordi, and I already
told you at the beginning of the live show that
I'm really, really, really into that song
[Music]